prose/m/coc.md, before:


We intend *[myou](https://myou.pub/)* to be a community where people
need not be fearful about their interactions.  We'll discuss
challenging topics that bring on negative feelings, and we can
fiercely debate and oppose each other, but we will not attack each
other.

*myou* exists to serve users who want to participate in a community.
We will ruthlessly remove submissions and disable accounts (even of
paying users, yes without refunds) as necessary to prevent abuse or
harassment between users.

So, what counts as abuse or harassment, of the service itself or its
other users?  First, the easy ones:
* [doxing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doxing)
* [spam](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spamming)
* attempts to access portions of the service not intended to be available
  to you
* attempts to discover or use someone else's access credentials
* posting (links to) [malware](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malware)
  or "mal-sites"
* automated access to the service
    * except for public search-engine spiders and bots following `robots.txt`
    * yes, we'll eventually have an API, but until then, no scripting
      or scraping&mdash;stay in the browser

Unfortunately, that still leaves trying to draw the line between
objectionable speech and harassing speech.  We expect this area will
evolve the most going forward, but to start we're going to try looking
at it in terms of specificity, repetition, content, and reporting.

Specificity:  While it can be (deeply) objectionable, we don't
anticipate removing posts or deactivating accounts based on statements
about (or attacking) groups.  But the same statements made about
individuals or directed to users could definitely be causes for
action:

* OK: I don't trust blue-eyed people.
* OK: I think George Washington looked funny.
* OK: I don't understand the attraction to Channing Tatum.
* ??: John Doe is ugly and looking at him gives me the creeps.
* BAD: You know, ^JaneDoe, you're really ugly.

Repetition: Enough repetition would simply constitute spam, and be
cause for an account to be deactivated.  How much repetition it takes
would depend on whether the posts are open or directed (^-mention) to
specific people.  But below the frequency of posting that would
constitute spam, repetition can be a factor in determining whether to
take action.  From the example above, "John Doe is ugly and looking at
him gives me the creeps." is a statement that we all might agree is
objectionable (or at least unnecessary and sad), but by itself
probably doesn't justify taking action.  But if someone posts that
(repeatedly or with similar statements) frequently and/or exclusively,
that account is probably harming the community more than contributing
and would likely be deactivated.

Content:  The more a post is a call to action rather than a
statement, and the more its words or imagery approach harm or
violence, the more likely it is that action will be taken.  For
example:

* OK: I don't trust blue-eyed people.
* ??: You shouldn't trust blue-eyed people.
* BAD: Who's in with me for setting up a check-point for blue-eyed
  people on 1st street?

Or

* OK: I hope Channing Tatum slips on a banana peel.
* ??: It'd be great if someone lined the sidewalk in front of Channing
  Tatum's with banana peels.
* ??: ^JohnDoe, go slip on a banana peel.
* BAD: ^JohnDoe, I'm coming to your house to put banana peels in your
  yard.

Reporting:  We do not (currently) have any automated means to monitor
the content of people's posts, and so we rely on users to report when
others' posts are problematic.  We will make every effort to address
reported posts (and thereby the person/account that posted them)
quickly and efficiently.  In deciding whether to take action on a post
or account, we will consider the number of people who have blocked an
account or reported a post (the same one, or others from the same
account).  A pattern of posts that cause people to block or report is
indicative of ongoing harassment, even if (previously) no individual
instance had caused us to deactivate an account.

The number of reports is also how we'll address posts whose author
claims that they were sarcasm or hyperbole or some other form of
joke.  Claimed intent doesn't matter.  If a post is sufficiently
problematic or misunderstand-able or context-free that several people
report it, then the problem is with the post.

-----------------------------------------

Earlier versions of these Terms are
[available on GitHub](https://github.com/myoupub/myou/blob/master/prose/m/coc.md).

Commit message:

make it clear that CoC text is open to revision

prose/m/coc.md, after:

*Please note: the content here is provisional.  That isn't to say we
might back off from the intended spirit of any of it, but it's been
only lightly reviewed and has lots of room for improvement.*

We intend *[myou](https://myou.pub/)* to be a community where people
need not be fearful about their interactions.  We'll discuss
challenging topics that bring on negative feelings, and we can
fiercely debate and oppose each other, but we will not attack each
other.

*myou* exists to serve users who want to participate in a community.
We will ruthlessly remove submissions and disable accounts (even of
paying users, yes without refunds) as necessary to prevent abuse or
harassment between users.

So, what counts as abuse or harassment, of the service itself or its
other users?  First, the easy ones:
* [doxing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doxing)
* [spam](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spamming)
* attempts to access portions of the service not intended to be available
  to you
* attempts to discover or use someone else's access credentials
* posting (links to) [malware](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malware)
  or "mal-sites"
* automated access to the service
    * except for public search-engine spiders and bots following `robots.txt`
    * yes, we'll eventually have an API, but until then, no scripting
      or scraping&mdash;stay in the browser

Unfortunately, that still leaves trying to draw the line between
objectionable speech and harassing speech.  We expect this area will
evolve the most going forward, but to start we're going to try looking
at it in terms of specificity, repetition, content, and reporting.

Specificity:  While it can be (deeply) objectionable, we don't
anticipate removing posts or deactivating accounts based on statements
about (or attacking) groups.  But the same statements made about
individuals or directed to users could definitely be causes for
action:

* OK: I don't trust blue-eyed people.
* OK: I think George Washington looked funny.
* OK: I don't understand the attraction to Channing Tatum.
* ??: John Doe is ugly and looking at him gives me the creeps.
* BAD: You know, ^JaneDoe, you're really ugly.

Repetition: Enough repetition would simply constitute spam, and be
cause for an account to be deactivated.  How much repetition it takes
would depend on whether the posts are open or directed (^-mention) to
specific people.  But below the frequency of posting that would
constitute spam, repetition can be a factor in determining whether to
take action.  From the example above, "John Doe is ugly and looking at
him gives me the creeps." is a statement that we all might agree is
objectionable (or at least unnecessary and sad), but by itself
probably doesn't justify taking action.  But if someone posts that
(repeatedly or with similar statements) frequently and/or exclusively,
that account is probably harming the community more than contributing
and would likely be deactivated.

Content:  The more a post is a call to action rather than a
statement, and the more its words or imagery approach harm or
violence, the more likely it is that action will be taken.  For
example:

* OK: I don't trust blue-eyed people.
* ??: You shouldn't trust blue-eyed people.
* BAD: Who's in with me for setting up a check-point for blue-eyed
  people on 1st street?

Or

* OK: I hope Channing Tatum slips on a banana peel.
* ??: It'd be great if someone lined the sidewalk in front of Channing
  Tatum's with banana peels.
* ??: ^JohnDoe, go slip on a banana peel.
* BAD: ^JohnDoe, I'm coming to your house to put banana peels in your
  yard.

Reporting:  We do not (currently) have any automated means to monitor
the content of people's posts, and so we rely on users to report when
others' posts are problematic.  We will make every effort to address
reported posts (and thereby the person/account that posted them)
quickly and efficiently.  In deciding whether to take action on a post
or account, we will consider the number of people who have blocked an
account or reported a post (the same one, or others from the same
account).  A pattern of posts that cause people to block or report is
indicative of ongoing harassment, even if (previously) no individual
instance had caused us to deactivate an account.

The number of reports is also how we'll address posts whose author
claims that they were sarcasm or hyperbole or some other form of
joke.  Claimed intent doesn't matter.  If a post is sufficiently
problematic or misunderstand-able or context-free that several people
report it, then the problem is with the post.

-----------------------------------------

Earlier versions of this code is
[available on GitHub](https://github.com/myoupub/myou/blob/master/prose/m/coc.md).
